Add inlineToolbar property (#1293)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `Improvements` - Unuseful log about missed i18n section has been removed  [#1269](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1269)
- `Fix` - Fixed issue with enter key in inputs and textareas [#920](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/920)
- `Improvements` - Allowed to set `false` as `toolbox` config in order to hide Toolbox button [#1221](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1221)

> - `Improvements` - Allows users to provide a default `inlineToolbar` property which will be used for all tools whose `inlineToolbar` property is set to `true`. It can be overriden by the tools' own `inlineToolbar` property. Also, the inline tools will be ordered according to the order of the inline tools in array provided in the `inlineToolbar` property. [#1056](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1056)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Improvements` - Allows users to provide default `inlineToolbar` property which will be used for all tools whose `inlineToolbar` property is set to `true`. It can be overriden by the tool's own `inlineToolbar` property. Also, inline tools will be ordered according to the order of the inline tools in array provided in the `inlineToolbar` property. [#1056](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1056)
```
